this video is the very last section in our three component collection on escort stay.

in detail one and  we mentioned the fundamentals; like a way to installation escort stay, the map functions, marking locations and the essential programming abilities.

during this final phase we are able to evaluate the advanced programming on your radar detector, which you can do through the escort stay app.

if have not watched our first video, i recommend that you try this now, prior to looking this video.

so shall we get started on detail 3 of our series at the manner to application your detector the use of escort stay.

now throughout this video i may be programming a passport max2 with an iphone.

a number of the programming functions i’ll be sharing with you may be just like the alternative escort and beltronics radar detectors with a few exceptions.

to get entry to the programming menu thru your escort live interface, press the blue gadget button on the bottom right after which radar settings.

as you can see right right here on this display there are hundreds options on the subject of programming your detector.

sensitivity.

you've got 3 options here; car, autonox and dual carriageway.

x-band is an older radar band and it’s additionally a completely noisy band as this frequency is shared with many different devices, if you want to cause faux indicators.

luckily actual police encounters on this band are fairly rare right here within the us, as most police corporations have upgraded their tool years inside the past.

however, n.j. nation police is the best police company within the us that still has an open agreement for x-band radar weapons and there were severa opinions from customers of x-band radar weapons are getting used on the lawn united states of america limited-access highway in southern part of the u . s ..

due to this in case you’re in nj you could need to take into account retaining x-band activated.

but if you’re everywhere else, select out autonox.

now another first-rate function of automode is that your detector will robotically alter its settings based on your pace through the gps.

example, you pull right right into a wal-mart parking lot and your pace is lots much less than 20 miles per hour. your detector will sense this and turn down the sensitivity and mute the signs so you’re not blasted through using all the computerized door openers.

now while you go away wal-mart and also you pull onto the motorway, your detector will phrase the growth in pace and boom adjust the sensitivity as a result.

subsequent we've got were given the brightness setting on your detector. proper here you could choose darkish, minimum, medium, most and vehicle. i endorse that you undergo these and pick out the setting this is without a doubt right for you.

pilot mode

the max, the max2 and the passport have a scanning bar that some human beings locate traumatic whilst driving. in this placing you may flip it off.


meter mode

under this we have the meter mode with 4 alternatives; extensive, expertmeter, specdisplay and smooth.

wellknown is the primary setting.

expertmeter will display a couple of boggy indicators with the band.

specdisplay will show the strongest signal with the perfect frequency of the alert.

and simple will actually give a easy warning like “caution” or “warning”.

my personal desire is expertmeter so i am capable of see how many bogies are in a place with the band displayed.

automute

the automute setting will both preserve you alert tone steady or automute it a few seconds after the detector signs.

audio tones

audio tones allows you to choose from the usual alert one to a milder alert tone.

laser shifter intergration

now when you have taken into consideration one in all escort’s older zr3 laser shifters you may interface it along side your detector right here.

however as a component note, if you do very very own a zr3 you can need to bear in mind upgrading.

that is because you can't replace the firmware of the laser jammer and because it changed into artificial numerous years in the beyond, it'll no longer jam the more recent police laser guns.

voice menu

the voice menu will allow you to flip voice signs on or off.

vehicle electricity menu

the auto electricity menu will can help you pick the powering down of your radar detector robotically when parked for prolonged durations.

choosing off will disable this selection.

unit menu

the unit menu allows you to select out english or metric devices of measurement.
gps filter out settings


gps clear out setting enables the gps filtering based upon your pace, so i advocate maintaining this active.

autolearn

permitting the autolearn characteristic lets in your detector to research and block out mentioned false alert places based totally absolutely upon the best frequency of the alert and the correct location.

considered one in every of our most often asked questions is “what if this region is routinely blocked out and a actual cop makes a selection to apply radar at this area?”

nicely first the autolearn function will not block out ka band or laser, best ok and x band.

now the possibilities of getting an officer shooting a k band radar gun on the precise identical frequency and place are incredibly rare.

so i endorse setting autolearn to on, until you don’t thoughts fake alerts.

cruise alert

the cruise alert enables double beep tones underneath a completely unique speed, the default in 20 mph.

pace alert menu

the over velocity alert menu will offer you with a warning when your tempo exceeds it set velocity restriction. in my view i set this to ninety because of the higher speed limits here inside the southwest.

display coloration alternatives

the display shade preference allows you to pick the coloration of your show between; amber, crimson, green and blue.

pace on show choice

the speed on show opportunity permits having the rate limit of the street you’re touring on, displayed for your detector and make contact with.

now i don’t propose relying on this tempo as continually being accurate, so alternatively please take note of the velocity restriction signs published on the roadway.

professional mode programming

now that you’re becoming an professional in programming your detector, the subsequent alternative allows you to software program the extra superior putting of your detector, so transfer this placing to advanced.

band settings

your next alternatives are band settings

first we've got laser. now realize despite the fact that your detector can also moreover offer you with a caution of laser alert, its frequently to past due, the officer has already captured your speed.

due to this i advocate having a passive or energetic laser protection product collectively together with your detector, along with the veil stealth coating or a laser jammer.

next we've got the pop placing.

now i talk to pop as poop because the simplest police radar gun that has pop is mph industries and the most effective kingdom to have an open agreement with them is nevada.

and right here is some thing many people don’t realise.

an officer can't write you a quotation if he is the usage of pop mode as it can handiest be used to gain an estimate of your speed.

now in case you permit pop mode your basically organising up the sensitivity of your detector with the useful resource of lowering it’s filtering. because of these sorts of factors i recommend keeping pop mode off.

ka band and okay band.

as the ones are the maximum used police radar bands in the us, i advocate maintaining those on.

as formerly cited, x-band is seldom used everywhere apart from n.j., so i propose turning it off except you pressure there.

tsr settings

tsr stands for website online site visitors waft sensors, that are sensors, located alongside the toll road in a few areas to show the drift of traffic.

the trouble with those sensors is they use pollute the airwaves with adequate band, inflicting your detector to alert.

and what else pollutes ok band are the new adaptive cruise manage sensors car manufacture are installing in cars nowadays.

with the useful resource of activating tsr on your settings is that your blocking any quick bursts of okay band that your detector may additionally select out up, effectively blockading out these traffic flow and adaptive cruise manage sensors.

marker settings

the last institution of settings is the marker settings with a purpose to appear in your escort stay map at the same time as your driving. my non-public recommendation is to prompt they all.
